# ComBox
## About
An all-in-one rendering system for CC:Tweaked.  
All about render quality and customizability.




### Summary
- Design philosophy
- Setup & use
- Definitions
- Architecture
- Util classes
- Combinators
- Credits & stuff


## Design philosophy

The main focuses of ComBox are **quality**, **customizability**, **modularity** and **ease of use**.  

Customizability in the form of :
- many settings everywhere
- support to use different rendering modes in different parts of the screen
- support to use shaders everywhere  

Modularity in the form of :
- separate files for different "classes"
- support to integrate custom rendering "modes" (named *combinators*, explained later)
- support for different image file types (and the ability to add more)
- comments in all main files to allow for easy reuse and modifications.
  
These points are sometimes prioritised over maximal optimisation, leading to some processes being slower than other solutions.  
Though you can achieve quite good speeds by avoiding or restricting some quality-focused features. 


## Setup & use



## Definitions

**Color**
> An r,g,b,a color.  
> Usualy represented as an instance of Color or an index in a palette.

**Palette**
> Array of 16 (or less) colors.
  
**Image**
> A grid of (usualy) colors, and an instance of ImageHandler.
  
**Pixel**
> The value at a specific point (u,v) of an image (usualy a color).
  
**Media**
> Data, usualy an image, comming from a file/external source.
  
**Texel**
> A single spot (x,y) on a CC:T term/monitor,  
> Able to display a single character, with a text and background color.
  
**Combination**
> What to display on a specific texel.  
> Table of 3 chars like :  
> [character to display, palette index in hex format for the text color, palette index in hex format for the background color]
  
**Render**
> A grid of combinations representing what to display on the texels of the term/monitor.  
> Generated by the Renderer:render function.
  
**Smoothness/Roughness of a render**
> How much visual noise there is on a render.  
> Basicaly comes down to the difference between the text and background color in texels.  
> A render is rough when there is a big difference in color in it's texels.  
> A render is smooth when there is very little difference in color in it's texels.


## Architecture
The actual rendering is done by "combinators" objects.  
These tell the system what combination to put at each point or the render.


## Util classes

### Color
### ImageHandler
### MediaParser
### Renderer


## Combinators

### SimpleCombinator 
### CharCombinator 
### FastCharCombinator 
### MathCharCombinator 
### SquarePixelCombinator 
### FlowCombinator 
### VerboseCombinator 
### ASCIICombinator 


## Credits & stuff

Project made by hexell and TO (to_noaccentavailable on Discord).

If you have questions, ideas, critisism, or need any help, come talk about it in the [Minecraft computer mods Discord](https://discord.gg/minecraft-computer-mods-477910221872824320).

With inspiration from other CC:T renderers (pixelbox, bixelbox, ShrekBox).


